---
layout: post
title:  "Indie Makers, Starting Small | #5"
author: "Weiwei Hsu"
drink: coconut water
categories: weeknotes
---

Recently, my commute time has increased slightly and coincidently, I've stumbled upon several more podcasts that I enjoy. In particular, I've spent quite a lot of time reading/listening (ironically not so much making yet) about indie makers and digital nomads. The discovery of this type of lifestyle / source of income has again validated the benefits of being fluent in code. At the same time, I also wonder if and when there will be a group of _indie_ makers who will focus on physical products. While the internet is great and accessible (kind of), it feels like too many people's working on the internet. I wonder what it would take to incentivize people to invest their talent into other sectors.
After listening to the stories behind serveral indie makers (sadly all male so far), I've learned that:
- All mailing lists start with having 1 subscriber
- All products start with having 1 (paying) customer
- The first thing you make almost never take off
- If there's a pattern across all indie makers, it is that they are all _prolific_
- It is more helpful to aim small, such as acquiring just 100 paying customers

In the spirit of starting small, and to begin exploring physical products, I will make an analog newsletter. I find it so hard to spend time on email newsletters that I want to care, and I always spend more time reading (small) physical things.

I've been wanting to do an interview series where we present technologists in a more humane way. I find it unhelpful to portray technologists as people with superpower, because in reality, they are all humans. While I keep on coming back to this interview series, I'm beginning to think that it'd be more helpful to build a community/platform around this.
